# Core and Extra Asterisk sounds merged

useful for searching if you have both packages installed

## Core Asterisk sounds in GB English

agent-alreadyon: That agent is already logged on.  Please enter your agent number followed by the pound key.
agent-incorrect: Login incorrect.  Please enter your agent number followed by the pound key.
agent-loggedoff: Agent Logged off.
agent-loginok: Agent logged in.
agent-newlocation: Please enter a new extension, followed by pound.
agent-pass: Please enter your password followed by the pound key.
agent-user: Agent login.  Please enter your agent number followed by the pound key.
ascending-2tone: [ascending tones]
auth-incorrect: Password incorrect.  Please enter your password followed by the pound key.
auth-thankyou: Thank you.
beeperr: [this is an error beep tone]
beep: [this is a simple beep tone]
conf-adminmenu-162: Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
conf-adminmenu-18: Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 for more options.
conf-adminmenu-menu8: Press 1 to list users currently in the conference, 2 to kick all non-administrator users, 3 to mute or umute all non-administrator users, 4 to record this conference, or 8 to exit this menu and return to the conference.
conf-adminmenu: Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
confbridge-begin-glorious-a: the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
confbridge-begin-glorious-b: the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
confbridge-begin-glorious-c: the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
confbridge-begin-leader: the conference will begin when the leader arrives
confbridge-conf-begin: the conference will now begin
confbridge-conf-end: the conference has ended
confbridge-dec-list-vol-in: To decrease the audio volume from other participants...
confbridge-dec-list-vol-out: ...to decrease the audio volume from other participants.
confbridge-dec-talk-vol-in: To decrease your speaking volume to other participants...
confbridge-dec-talk-vol-out: ...to decrease your speaking volume to other participants.
confbridge-has-joined: ...has joined the conference.
confbridge-has-left: ...has left the conference.
confbridge-inc-list-vol-in: To increase the audio volume from other participants...
confbridge-inc-list-vol-out: ...to increase the audio volume from other participants.
confbridge-inc-talk-vol-in: To increase your speaking volume to other participants...
confbridge-inc-talk-vol-out: ...to increase your speaking volume to other participants.
confbridge-invalid: You have entered an invalid option.
confbridge-join: <beep ascending>
confbridge-leave: <beep decending>
confbridge-leave-in: To leave the conference...
confbridge-leave-out: ...to leave the conference.
confbridge-locked: The conference is now locked.
confbridge-lock-extended: ...to lock, or unlock the conference. When a conference is locked only conference administrators can join.
confbridge-lock-in: To lock, or unlock the conference...
confbridge-lock-no-join: The conference is currently locked and cannot be joined.
confbridge-lock-out: ...to lock, or unlock the conference.
confbridge-menu-exit-in: To exit the menu...
confbridge-menu-exit-out: ...to exit the menu.
confbridge-muted: You are now muted.
confbridge-mute-extended: ...to mute, or unmute yourself. When you are muted you can not send audio to other participants. However you will still hear audio from other unmuted participants.
confbridge-mute-in: To mute or unmute yourself...
confbridge-mute-out: ...to mute or unmute yourself.
confbridge-only-one: There is currently one other participant in the conference.
confbridge-only-participant: You are currently the only participant in the conference.
confbridge-participants: ...participants in the conference.
confbridge-pin-bad: You have entered too many invalid personal identification numbers.
confbridge-pin: Please enter your personal identification number followed by the pound, or hash key.
confbridge-removed: You have been removed from the conference.
confbridge-remove-last-in: To remove the participant who most recently joined the conference...
confbridge-remove-last-out: ...to remove the participant who most recently joined the conference.
confbridge-rest-list-vol-in: To reset the audio volume of the conference to the default level...
confbridge-rest-list-vol-out: ...to reset the audio volume of the conference to the default level.
confbridge-rest-talk-vol-in: To reset your speaking volume to the default level...
confbridge-rest-talk-vol-out: ...to reset your speaking volume to the default level.
confbridge-there-are: There are currently...
confbridge-unlocked: The conference is now unlocked.
confbridge-unmuted: You are no longer muted.
conf-enteringno: You are entering conference number
conf-errormenu: Invalid Choice
conf-extended: The conference has been extended.
conf-getchannel: Please enter the channel number followed by the pound key.
conf-getconfno: Please enter your conference number followed by the pound key.
conf-getpin: Please enter the conference pin number.
conf-hasjoin: is now in the conference.
conf-hasleft: has left the conference.
conf-invalidpin: That pin is invalid for this conference.
conf-invalid: That is not a valid conference number.  Please try again.
conf-kicked: You have been kicked from this conference
conf-leaderhasleft: The leader has left the conference.
conf-lockednow: The conference is now locked
conf-locked: This conference is locked!
conf-muted: You are now muted
conf-noempty: No empty conferences currently exist.
conf-nonextended: The conference cannot be extended.
conf-now-muted: The conference is now muted.
conf-now-recording: The conference is now being recorded.
conf-now-unmuted: The conference is now unmuted.
conf-onlyone: There is currently one other participant in the conference.
conf-onlyperson: You are currently the only person in this conference.
conf-otherinparty: other participants in the conference
conf-placeintoconf: You will now be placed into the conference.
conf-roll-callcomplete: Playback of the list of people attending is complete.
conf-thereare: There are currently
conf-unlockednow: The conference is now unlocked
conf-unmuted: You are now unmuted
conf-usermenu-162: Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit this menu and return to the conference.
conf-usermenu: Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
conf-userswilljoin: users will join the conference.
conf-userwilljoin: user will join the conference.
conf-waitforleader: The conference will begin when the leader arrives.
demo-abouttotry: I am about to attempt an Inter-Asterisk Exchange connection to a demonstration server located at Digium.  In order for this to work you must already be connected to the Internet.  Please wait a moment while I attempt to make the connection.
demo-congrats: Congratulations.  You have successfully installed and executed the Asterisk open source PBX.  You have also installed a set of sample sounds and configuration files that should help you to get started.  Like a normal PBX you will navigate this demonstration by dialing digits.  If you are using a console channel driver instead of a real phone you can use the dial, answer, and hang up commands to simulate the actions of a standard telephone.
demo-echodone: The echo test has been completed.
demo-echotest: You are about to enter an echo test.  In this mode everything you say will be repeated back to you just as soon as it is received.  The purpose of this test is to give you an audible sense of the latency between you and the machine that is running the echo test application.  You may end the test by hanging up or by pressing the pound key.
demo-enterkeywords: Please enter one or more keywords separated by * and then press the pound key.
demo-instruct: If you would like to learn more technical information about Asterisk dial 2 now.  If you'd like to test out the voice over IP capabilities of Asterisk you can dial 500 to attempt an Inter-Asterisk Exchange or IAX connection to a demonstration server at Digium.  In order for this test to work you will need to be connected to the Internet and have at least a 28.8 kilobit modem.  To execute an echo test dial 600.  This test is most useful when you have connected to this Asterisk server from a remote location.  The sample configuration also has a single user with extension 1234 and password 4242.  That user is configured to ring the console when their extension is dialed.  If you dial 1234 you can try to ring the console.  If the console is busy or unavailable you will be given the option to leave voicemail.  To check voice mail for the user dial extension 8500 to enter the voicemail system.  Finally,  you can press the pound key to disconnect from the PBX.
demo-moreinfo: Asterisk is an Open Source full-featured PBX and IVR platform that runs on the linux operating system.  For more information, visit www.asterisk.org.
demo-nogo: I am afraid I was unable to create a connection to the Digium demonstration Asterisk server.  You may find some helpful debugging information on the Asterisk console.
demo-nomatch: I'm sorry there are no matches for those keywords
demo-thanks: Goodbye.  Thank you for trying out the Asterisk Open Source PBX.
descending-2tone: [descending tones]
dictate/both_help: press * to toggle pause, press # to enter a new dictation filename
dictate/enter_filename: Enter a numeric dictation filename followed by # or just # to exit
dictate/forhelp: press 0 for help
dictate/paused: paused
dictate/pause: pause
dictate/playback_mode: playback mode
dictate/playback: playback
dictate/play_help: press 1 to switch to record mode, press 2 to toggle fast playback, press 7 to jump backwards, press 8 to jump forwards
dictate/record_help: press 1 to switch to playback mode, press 8 to truncate the file and start over
dictate/record_mode: record mode
dictate/record: record
dictate/truncating_audio: truncating audio
digits/0: zero
digits/10: ten
digits/11: eleven
digits/12: twelve
digits/13: thirteen
digits/14: fourteen
digits/15: fifteen
digits/16: sixteen
digits/17: seventeen
digits/18: eighteen
digits/19: nineteen
digits/1: one
digits/20: twenty
digits/2: two
digits/30: thirty
digits/3: three
digits/40: forty
digits/4: four
digits/50: fifty
digits/5: five
digits/60: sixty
digits/6: six
digits/70: seventy
digits/7: seven
digits/80: eighty
digits/8: eight
digits/90: ninety
digits/9: nine
digits/a-m: A.M.
digits/at: at
digits/billion: billion
digits/day-0: Sunday
digits/day-1: Monday
digits/day-2: Tuesday
digits/day-3: Wednesday
digits/day-4: Thursday
digits/day-5: Friday
digits/day-6: Saturday
digits/dollars: dollars
digits/h-10: tenth
digits/h-11: eleventh
digits/h-12: twelfth
digits/h-13: thirteenth
digits/h-14: fourteenth
digits/h-15: fifteenth
digits/h-16: sixteenth
digits/h-17: seventeenth
digits/h-18: eighteenth
digits/h-19: nineteenth
digits/h-1: first
digits/h-20: twentieth
digits/h-2: second
digits/h-30: thirtieth
digits/h-3: third
digits/h-40: fourtieth
digits/h-4: fourth
digits/h-50: fiftieth
digits/h-5: fifth
digits/h-60: sixtieth
digits/h-6: sixth
digits/h-70: seventieth
digits/h-7: seventh
digits/h-80: eightieth
digits/h-8: eighth
digits/h-90: ninetieth
digits/h-9: ninth
digits/h-billion: billionth
digits/h-hundred: hundredth
digits/h-million: millionth
digits/h-thousand: thousandth
digits/hundred: hundred
digits/million: million
digits/minus: minus
digits/mon-0: January
digits/mon-10: November
digits/mon-11: December
digits/mon-1: February
digits/mon-2: March
digits/mon-3: April
digits/mon-4: May
digits/mon-5: June
digits/mon-6: July
digits/mon-7: August
digits/mon-8: September
digits/mon-9: October
digits/oclock: o'clock
digits/oh: oh
digits/p-m: P.M.
digits/pound: pound
digits/star: star
digits/thousand: thousand
digits/today: today
digits/tomorrow: tomorrow
digits/yesterday: yesterday
dir-firstlast: ... letters of your party's first or last name.
dir-first: letters of your party's first name.
dir-instr: If this is the person you are looking for press 1 now, otherwise please press star now.
dir-intro-fn: Welcome to the directory.  Please enter the first three letters of your party's first name using your touch tone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q and the 9 key for Z.
dir-intro: Welcome to the directory.  Please enter the first three letters of your party's last name using your touch tone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q and the 9 key for Z.
dir-last: ... letters of your party's last name.
dir-multi1: Press ...
dir-multi2: ... for ...
dir-multi3: ... extension ...
dir-multi9: Press 9 for more entries.
dir-nomatch: No directory entries match your search.
dir-nomore: There are no more compatible entries in the directory.
dir-pls-enter: Please enter the first ...
dir-usingkeypad: ... using your touchtone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q, and the 9 key for Z.
dir-welcome: Welcome to the directory
followme/call-from.wav: incoming call from
followme/no-recording.wav: you have an incoming call
followme/options.wav: press 1 to accept this call, or 2 to reject it
followme/pls-hold-while-try.wav: please hold while I try to locate the person you are calling
followme/sorry.wav: I'm sorry, but I was unable to locate the person you are calling
followme/status.wav: the person you are calling is not at their desk; I will try to locate them for you
hello-world: Hello world.
hours: hours
invalid: I am sorry, that's not a valid extension.  Please try again.
letters/a: a
letters/ascii123: left brace
letters/ascii124: pipe
letters/ascii125: right brace
letters/ascii126: tilde
letters/ascii34: quote
letters/ascii36: dollar sign
letters/ascii37: percent
letters/ascii38: ampersand
letters/ascii39: tick
letters/ascii40: open parenthesis
letters/ascii41: close parenthesis
letters/ascii42: star
letters/ascii44: comma
letters/ascii58: colon
letters/ascii59: semicolon
letters/ascii60: less than
letters/ascii62: greater than
letters/ascii63: question mark
letters/ascii91: left bracket
letters/ascii92: backslash
letters/ascii93: right bracket
letters/ascii94: caret
letters/ascii95: underscore
letters/ascii96: backtick
letters/asterisk: asterisk
letters/at: at [@]
letters/b: b
letters/c: c
letters/dash: dash [-]
letters/d: d
letters/dollar: dollar [$]
letters/dot: dot [.]
letters/e: e
letters/equals: equals [=]
letters/exclaimation-point: exclaimation-point [!]
letters/f: f
letters/g: g
letters/h: h
letters/i: i
letters/j: j
letters/k: k
letters/l: l
letters/m: m
letters/n: n
letters/o: o
letters/plus: plus [+]
letters/p: p
letters/q: q
letters/r: r
letters/slash: slash [/]
letters/space: space [ ]
letters/s: s
letters/t: t
letters/u: u
letters/v: v
letters/w: w
letters/x: x
letters/y: y
letters/zed: zed
letters/z: z
lowercase: lowercase
minutes: minutes
pbx-invalid: I am sorry, that's not a valid extension.  Please try again.
pbx-invalidpark: I am sorry, there is no call parked on that extension.  Please try again.
pbx-parkingfailed: Parking attempt failed.
pbx-transfer: Transfer.
phonetic/9_p: niner
phonetic/a_p: alpha
phonetic/b_p: bravo
phonetic/c_p: charlie
phonetic/d_p: delta
phonetic/e_p: echo
phonetic/f_p: foxtrot
phonetic/g_p: golf
phonetic/h_p: hotel
phonetic/i_p: india
phonetic/j_p: juliet
phonetic/k_p: kilo
phonetic/l_p: lima
phonetic/m_p: mike
phonetic/n_p: november
phonetic/o_p: oscar
phonetic/p_p: papa
phonetic/q_p: quebec
phonetic/r_p: romeo
phonetic/s_p: sierra
phonetic/t_p: tango
phonetic/u_p: uniform
phonetic/v_p: victor
phonetic/w_p: whiskey
phonetic/x_p: xray
phonetic/y_p: yankee
phonetic/z_p: zulu
privacy-incorrect: I'm sorry, that number is not valid.
privacy-prompt: Please enter your phone number, starting with the area code.
privacy-thankyou: Thank you.
privacy-unident: The party you are trying to reach does not accept unidentified calls.
priv-callee-options: Dial 1 if you wish this caller to reach you directly now, and in the future.  Dial 2 if you wish to send this caller to voicemail now and forevermore.  Dial 3 to send this caller to the torture menus, now and forevermore.  Dial 4 to send this caller to a polite "don't call" menu, now and forevermore.  Dial 5 to allow this caller to come straight thru to you in the future, but just this once, send them to voicemail.
priv-callpending: I have a caller waiting, who introduces themselves as:
priv-introsaved: Thank you. Please hold, while I attempt to connect you with your party!
priv-recordintro: At the tone, please say your name.
queue-callswaiting: Waiting to speak with a representative
queue-holdtime: The estimated hold time is currently
queue-less-than: less than
queue-minute: minute
queue-minutes: minutes
queue-periodic-announce: All of our represenatives are currently busy. Please stay on the line and your call will be answered by the next available representative.
queue-quantity1: Currently, there are more than ...
queue-quantity2: ... callers waiting to speak with a representative.
queue-reporthold: Hold time
queue-seconds: Seconds
queue-thankyou: Thank you for your patience
queue-thereare: You are currently caller number
queue-youarenext: Your call is now first in line and will be answered by the next available representative.
screen-callee-options: You have these options: Dial 1 if you wish to immediately connect to the incoming call.  Dial 2 if you wish to send this caller to voicemail.  Dial 3 to send this caller to the torture menus.  Dial 4 to send this caller to a polite "don't call" menu.
seconds: seconds
silence/10: (10 seconds of silence)
silence/1: (1 second of silence)
silence/2: (2 seconds of silence)
silence/3: (3 seconds of silence)
silence/4: (4 seconds of silence)
silence/5: (5 seconds of silence)
silence/6: (6 seconds of silence)
silence/7: (7 seconds of silence)
silence/8: (8 seconds of silence)
silence/9: (9 seconds of silence)
spy-agent: Agent
spy-console: Console
spy-dahdi: DAHDI
spy-h323: H.323
spy-iax2: IAX (note: does not say "2")
spy-iax: IAX
spy-jingle: Jingle
spy-local: Local
spy-mgcp: MGCP
spy-misdn: M I S D N
spy-mobile: Bluetooth Mobile
spy-nbs: N B S
spy-sip: SIP
spy-skinny: Skinny
spy-unistim: Unistim
spy-usbradio: USB Radio
spy-zap: Zap
ss-noservice: The number you have dialed is not in service. Please check the number and try again.
transfer: Please hold while I try that extension.
tt-allbusy: All representatives of the household are currently assisting other telemarketers.  Please hold and your call will be answered in the order it was received.
tt-monkeysintro: They have been carried away by monkeys
tt-monkeys: [sound of monkeys screaming]
tt-somethingwrong: Something is terribly wrong
tt-weasels: Weasels have eaten our phone system
uppercase: uppercase
vm-advopts: press 3 for advanced options
vm-and: and
vm-calldiffnum: press 2 to enter a different number
vm-changeto: Change to which folder?
vm-Cust1: folder 5
vm-Cust2: folder 6
vm-Cust3: folder 7
vm-Cust4: folder 8
vm-Cust5: folder 9
vm-deleted: Message deleted.
vm-delete: Press 7 to delete this message.
vm-dialout: please wait while i connect your call
vm-duration: This message lasts ...
vm-enter-num-to-call: please enter the number you wish to call
vm-extension: extension
vm-Family: family
vm-first: first
vm-for: for
vm-forward-multiple: press 1 to send this message, or 2 to add another recipient.
vm-forwardoptions: press 1 to prepend a message or 2 to forward the message without prepending
vm-forward: Press 1 to enter an extension, press 2 to use the directory
vm-Friends: friends
vm-from-extension: message from extension
vm-from: from
vm-from-phonenumber: message from phone number
vm-goodbye: Goodbye
vm-helpexit: Press star for help or pound to exit.
vm-INBOX: new
vm-incorrect: Login incorrect.
vm-incorrect-mailbox: Login incorrect.  Mailbox?
vm-instructions: To look into your messages press 1 now.  You may quit voicemail at any time by pressing the pound key.
vm-intro: Please leave your message after the tone.  When done hang up or press the pound key. (simple tone sound plays)
vm-invalidpassword: That is not a valid password.  Please try again.
vm-invalid-password: That password does not meet the minimum requirements for this mailbox.  Please try again.
vm-isonphone: is on the phone
vm-isunavail: is unavailable
vm-last: last
vm-leavemsg:  Press 5 to leave a message
vm-login: Comedian Mail.  Mailbox?
vm-mailboxfull: sorry but the user's mail box can't accept more messages
vm-marked-nonurgent: Urgent status removed.
vm-marked-urgent: Message marked urgent.
vm-message: message
vm-messages: messages
vm-minutes: minutes
vm-mismatch: The passwords you entered and re-entered did not match.  Please try again.
vm-msgforwarded: Your message has been successfully forwarded.
vm-msginstruct: To hear the next message press 6, to repeat this message press 5, to hear the previous message press 4, to delete or undelete this message press zero, to quit voicemail press pound.
vm-msgsaved: Your message has been saved.
vm-newpassword: Please enter your new password followed by the pound key.
vm-newuser: Welcome to Comedian Mail. First, I will guide you through a short setup process.
vm-next: Press 6 to play the next message.
vm-nobodyavail: Nobody is available to take your call at the moment
vm-nobox: you cannot reply to this message because the sender does not have a mailbox
vm-nomore: No more messages.
vm-no: no
vm-nonumber: I'm afraid i don't know who sent this message
vm-num-i-have: the number i have is
vm-Old: old
vm-onefor-full: Press one to listen to ...
vm-onefor: Press 1 for
vm-options: Press 1 to record your unavailable message, press 2 to record your busy message, press 3 to record your name, press 4 to record your temporary greeting, press 5 to change your password, press star to return to the main menu.
vm-opts-full: press 2 to access messages saved in other folders.  Press 3 to record a message for another mailbox.  Press 0 for greetings and password management.
vm-opts: Press 2 to change folders, press 3 for advanced options, press zero for mailbox options.
vm-passchanged: Your passwords have been changed.
vm-password: password
vm-pls-try-again: please try again
vm-press: press
vm-prev: Press 4 for the previous message
vm-reachoper: press 0 to reach an operator
vm-rec-busy: After the tone say your busy message and then press the pound key.
vm-received: received
vm-rec-name: After the tone say your name and then press the pound key.
vm-record-prepend: At the tone, please record an introduction to the forwarded message.  When done, press the pound sign.
vm-rec-temp: After the tone, say your temporary message, and then press the pound key.
vm-rec-unv: After the tone say your unavailable message and then press the pound key.
vm-reenterpassword: Please re-enter your password followed by the pound key.
vm-repeat: Press 5 to repeat the current message.
vm-review-nonurgent: Press 4 to remove the urgent status of this message.
vm-review: press 1 to accept this recording press 2 to listen to it press 3 to rerecord your message
vm-review-urgent: Press 4 to mark this message as urgent.
vm-saved: saved
vm-savedto: saved to
vm-savefolder: Which folder should I save the message to?
vm-savemessage: or 9 to save this message
vm-saveoper: press 1 to accept this recording, otherwise, please continue to hold
vm-sorry: I'm sorry I did not understand your response.
vm-star-cancel: press star to cancel
vm-starmain: press star to return to the main menu
vm-tempgreetactive: Your temporary greeting is currently active
vm-tempgreeting2: press 1 to record your temporary greeting, or press 2 to erase your temporary greeting
vm-tempgreeting: press 1 to record your temporary greeting
vm-tempremoved: Your temporary greeting has been removed
vm-then-pound: then press pound
vm-theperson: The person at extension
vm-tmpexists: There is a temporary greeting, which overrides your standard greetings.
vm-tocallback: press 2 to call the person who sent this message
vm-tocallnum: press 1 to call this number
vm-tocancelmsg: press star to cancel this message
vm-tocancel: or pound to cancel.
vm-toenternumber: press 1 to enter a number
vm-toforward: Press 8 to forward the message to another user
vm-tohearenv: press 3 to hear the message envelope
vm-tomakecall: press 4 to place an outgoing call
vm-tooshort: your message is too short 
vm-toreply: press 1 to send a reply
vm-torerecord: press 3 to rerecord your message
vm-undeleted: Message undeleted.
vm-undelete: Press 7 to undelete this message
vm-unknown-caller: from an unknown caller
vm-Urgent: urgent
vm-whichbox: To leave a message, please enter a mailbox number.
vm-Work: work
vm-youhave: you have

## Extra sounds in GB English

1-for-am-2-for-pm: Press 1 for A.M, or 2 for P.M.
1-yes-2-no: Press 1 for yes, or 2 for no.
1: 1 sec silence
10: 10 sec silence
2: 2 sec silence
3: 3 sec silence
4: 4 sec silence
5: 5 sec silence
6: 6 sec silence
7: 7 sec silence
8: 8 sec silence
9: 9 sec silence
; Silence directory
T-changed-to: [T] has been changed to [Extension Y]
T-is-not-available: [T] is not available 
T-to-disable-ancmnt: [T] to disable this announcement
T-to-enable-ancmnt: [T] to enable this announcement
T-to-hear-cur-ancmnt: [T] to hear the current announcement
T-to-leave-msg: [T] to leave a message
T-to-reach-main-office: [T] to reach the main office
T-to-rec-ancmnt: [T] to rerecord this announcement
T-to-rtrn-to-main-menu: [T] to return to the main menu
a-charge-for-this-svc: A charge for this service
a-collect-charge-of: A collect charge of
a-collect-charge: A collect charge
a-connect-charge-of: A connect charge of
a-connect-charge: A connect charge
abandon-all-hope: Abandon all hope, ye who dial here.
abandons: abandons
ac: AC
academic-support: Academic Support
access-code: Access code:
access-denied: access denied
access-granted: access granted
accessible-through-system: accessible through this system
account-balance-is: Account balance is
accounting: Accounting
accounts-payable: Accounts Payable
accounts-receivable: Accounts Receivable
activated: activated
added-to: added to
added: added.
address: address
administration: Administration
advised-to-seek-shelter: are advised to seek shelter immediately
after-the-tone: after the tone
afternoon: afternoon
air-conditioner: air conditioner
airport: airport
alabama: Alabama
alarm: alarm
alaska: Alaska
albuquerque: Albuquerque
all-circuits-busy-now: All circuits are busy now
all-outgoing-lines-unavailable: All outgoing lines are currently unavailable
all-reps-busy: All of our representatives are currently busy.
all-your-base: All your base are belong to us.
altitude: altitude
amp: Amp
ampersand: ampersand
amps: Amps
an-error-has-occurred: An error has occurred.
an-error-has-occured: An error has occurred. (Symlink to 'an-error-has-occurred')
and-area-code: and the area code...
and-or: and/or
and-prs-pound-whn-finished: And press pound when finished
and: and
another-time: another time
approaching: approaching
approximately: approximately
are-you-still-there: Are you still there?(Disbelief)
are-you-still-there2: Are you still there?(Funny)
arizona: Arizona
arkansas: Arkansas
arlington: Arlington
around: around
astcc-account-balance-is: Your account balance is...
astcc-account-number-invalid: Your account number is invalid
astcc-balance-of-account-is: The balance of your account is...
astcc-card-number-invalid: The card number you have entered is invalid.
astcc-digit-account-number: -digit account number
astcc-followed-by-pound: followed by the pound key
astcc-followed-by-the-hash-key: followed by the hash key.
astcc-followed-by-the-pound-key: followed by pound.
astcc-login12pound: Please enter your 12-digit account number, skipping any punctuation, followed by the pound key.
astcc-please-enter-your: Please enter your...
astcc-skipping-any-punctuation: skipping any punctuation
asterisk-friend: Asterisk is your friend.
at-any-time: at any time
at-customers-request: at the customers request
at-following-number: At the following number
at-sign: at sign
at-tone-time-exactly: At the sound of the tone, the time will be exactly
athletics: Athletics
atlanta: Atlanta
atlantic: atlantic
attention-required: Your attention is required
attic: attic
auditing: Auditing
austin: Austin
available-options: available options
available: Available
avg-speed-answer: average speed of answer
away-naughty-boy: He's currently away from his phone, the naughty boy.
away-naughty-girl: She's currently away from her phone, the naughty girl.
baby-sleeping-mode: baby sleeping mode
back: back
backslash: backslash
bad: bad
baltimore: Baltimore
bar: bar
barn: Barn
barns: Barns
barometer: barometer
barometric: barometric
basement: basement
bathroom: bathroom
bearing: Bearing
beaufort: beaufort
because-paranoid: because we're paranoid
bedroom: bedroom
before-the-number: before the number.
believe-its-free: Can you believe this phone system is free?
billing-and-collections: Billing and collections
billing: Billing
billionth: billionth
bits: bits
blue-eyed-polar-bear: Try to spend your time on hold not thinking about a blue-eyed polar bear.
bookstore: Bookstore
boston: Boston
box: Box
brian: Brian
bright: bright
business-development: Business Development
busy-hangovers: We're all busy with our hangovers.
busy-pls-hold: All our lines are currently busy.  Please hold and someone will be with you shortly.
but: but (not emphasized, like "all but me")
by: by
bytes: Bytes
cafeteria: Cafeteria
california: California
call-forward: Call Forward
call-forwarding: Call forwarding
call-fwd-cancelled: call forward cancelled
call-fwd-no-ans: Call-Forward on No Answer
call-fwd-on-busy: Call-Forward on Busy
call-fwd-parallel: Call-Forward Parallel
call-fwd-unconditional: Call-Forward Unconditional
call-preempted: This call has be preempted
call-quality-menu: Please rate the quality of the call you just made.  Use the keys one through four to rate the voice quality of the call, with one being the best quality, and four meaning that it was very difficult to understand the other party.  Press five if the call was prematurely disconnected.  Press six if the call was never completed.  Press seven if one direction of the call could not be heard.  Press eight if there were other difficulties.
call-requres: The call you have made requires a...
call-terminated: call terminated
call-waiting: call waiting
call: Call
callerid: caller id
calls-taken-by: calls are being taken by
calls-waiting-for-rep: calls waiting to speak with a representative
calls: calls
campground-office: Campground office
cancelled: Cancelled
cannot-complete-as-dialed: Your call cannot be completed as dialed.
cannot-complete-network-error: Your call cannot be completed due to network error.
cannot-complete-otherend-error: Your call cannot be completed due to an error at the receiving telephone company.
cannot-complete-temp-error: Your call cannot be completed due to a temporary error
card-balance-is: card balance is
card-is-invalid: card is invalid
card-number: card number
carport: carport
carried-away-by-monkeys: Nobody is available to take your call at the moment.  They have been carried away by monkeys.
cause-code: Cause Code
ceiling: ceiling
celsius: celsius
cent: Cent
central: central
cents-per-minute: Cents per minute
cents: Cents
cents: cents
ceo-office: CEO's office
chance-of: chance of
changing: changing
channel-insecure-warn: This voice path is insecure - do not discuss classified information or use project codewords.
channel-secure: This voice path is secure.
channel: Channel
channel: channel
charlotte: Charlotte
chat-room: chat room
check-number-dial-again: Please check the number and dial again.
chemistry: Chemistry
chicago: Chicago
chris: Chris
claims: Claims
clear: clear
clearing: clearing
cleveland: Cleveland
clli: CLLI
close-parenthesis: close parenthesis
closet: closet
clouds: clouds
cloudy: cloudy
coffee-pot: coffee pot
collections: Collections
colorado-springs: Colorado Springs
colorado: Colorado
columbus: Columbus
comma: comma
communications: Communications
company-dir-411: To access our company directory, dial 411 or dial zero to leave a message in our general mailbox.
complaint: Complaint
compliance: Compliance
computer-friend1: The computer is your friend.
computer-friend2: The computer is your friend.
conditions: conditions
conf-banned: You have been banned from this conference.
conf-full: That conference is full.
conf-hasentered: has entered the conference
conf-onlypersonleft: You are now the only person left in this conference.
conf-peopleinconf: people in this conference
conf-sysop: The sysop
conf-sysopreq: System operator requested.
conf-sysopreqcancelled: System operator request cancelled.
conf-youareinconfnum: You are in conference number...
conference-call: conference call
conference-reservations: Conference Reservations
conference: Conference
confirm-number-is: Your confirmation number is
connected: Connected
connecticut: Connecticut
connecting: Connecting
connection-failed: Connection failed.
connection-timed-out: Connection timed out.
continue-english-press: To continue in english, press
continue-in-english: to continue in english,...
cool: cool
cooling: cooling
copy-center: Copy center
could-lose-a-few-pounds: you could lose a few pounds
counseling-services: Counseling services
count: count
crash: crash
current-time-is: The current time is
currently: currently
customer-accounts: customer accounts
customer-relations: customer relations
customer-service: customer service
cyclone: cyclone
dallas: Dallas
date: date
day: day
daylight: daylight
days: days
dc: DC
de-activated: de-activated
deadbeat: Deadbeat!
decibel: decibel
decibels: decibels
deck: deck
decode: decode
default-attendant: default attendant
degree: degree
degrees: degrees
degrees: degrees
delaware: Delaware
den: den
denial-of-service: Denial of service
denver: Denver
department-administrator: Department administrator
department: department
deposit: deposite
design: design
detroit: Detroit
development: development
dew-point: dew point
dial-here-often: So, do you dial here often?
digit: digit
digits: digits
dim: dim
dining-room: dining room
directory-assistance: directory assistance
directory: directory
disabled: disabled
discon-or-out-of-service: The number you have dialed has been disconnected or is no longer in service.  Please check the number, and try your call again.
disconnected: Disconnected
disk: Disk
distribution: Distrobution
divided-by: divided by
dns: DNS
do-not-disturb: Do not disturb
doing-enum-lookup: Doing an e-num lookup
dont-know-who-sent: I'm afraid I don't know who sent this message
door: door
doors: doors
doppler-radar: doppler radar
down: Down
down: down
driveway: driveway
driving-directions: for driving directions to our location, press
dryer: dryer
duplex: duplex
duplication: dupliction
early: early
east: east
easterly: easterly
eastern: eastern
echo-test: You will now hear your own voice in an echo test.
ed: Ed
eighteenth: eighteenth
eighth: eighth
eightieth: eightieth
el-paso: El Paso
eleventh: eleventh
email: Email
emergency: Emergency
enabled: enabled
encode: Encode
engineering: Engineering
ent-target-attendant: please enter the number of the extension to use for your target attendant
enter-a-time: Enter a time using 4 digits.  Start with a zero for hours less than ten. 
enter-conf-call-number: Please enter the conference call number for the conference you wish to join.
enter-conf-pin-number: Please enter the conference pin number.
enter-ext-of-person: enter the extension of the person you are trying to reach
enter-num-blacklist: Please enter the number to be blacklisted.
enter-password: Please enter your password, followed by the pound key.
enter-phone-number10: Please enter your ten-digit telephone number, area code first.
entering-conf-number: You are entering conference number
entr-num-rmv-blklist: Please enter the number to be removed from the blacklist.
enum-lookup-failed: e-num lookup failed
enum-lookup-successful: e-num lookup successful
error-number: Error number
error-number: error number
est-hold-time-is: the estimated hold time is currently
euro: euro
euro: euro
european: european
euros: euros
euros: euros
evening: evening
explanation: explanation
ext-or-zero: Please dial the extension of the person you're trying to reach, or 0 for an operator.
extension: extension
extensions: extensions
facilities: Facilites
fahrenheit: fahrenheit
falling: falling
falling: falling
fan: fan
farad: farad
farads: farads
fast: fast
feature-not-avail-line: That feature is not available on this line
feet: Feet
feet: feet
female: Female
fifteenth: fifteenth
fifth: fifth
fiftieth: fiftieth
finals: Finals
finance: Finance
first-floor: first floor
first-in-line: your call is now first in line, and will be answered by the first available representative
first: first
flagged-for-lea: has been flagged for retrvial by law enforcement officials
flooding: flooding
floor: floor
floors: floors
florida: Florida
fog: fog
foggy: foggy
followed-by: followed by
food-service: Food service
food-services: Food servies
foot: foot
for-a-daily-wakeup-call: For a daily wakeup call
for-a-list-of: For a list of 
for-accounting: For accounting
for-billing: For billing
for-billing: For billing
for-english-press: For english, press
for-extended-status-report: For an extended status report
for-investor-relations: for investor relations, press 
for-louie-louie: for the lyrics to louie, louie, press 
for-no-press: for no, press
for-qc-and-training-purposes: For quality control and training purposes
for-quality-purposes: for quality assurance purposes
for-quick-status-report: For a quick status report
for-sales: For sales
for-service: For service
for-tech-support: For tech suppory
for-tech-support: For technical support
for-the-first: For the first
for-the-weather: For the weather
for-wakeup-call: For a wakeup call...
for-wx-report: For a weather report
for-yes-press: for yes, press
for: For (emphasized)
for: for
fort-worth: Fort Worth
fortieth: fortieth
fountain: fountain
fourteenth: fourteenth
fourth: fourth
foyer: foyer
freeze: freeze
freezing: freezing
frequency: Frequency
fresno: Fresno
from-unknown-caller: from an unknown caller
from: from (empasized)
front: front
ftp: FTP
furnace: furnace
gale: gale
gambling-drunk: We're off gambling and getting drunk.
game-room: game room
garage: garage
georgia: Georgia
gigabits: Gigabits
gigabytes: Gigabyes
gigahertz: Gigahertz
giggle1: giggle
gmt: greenwich mean time
go-away1: Go away!
go-away2: Go away (playful)
good: good
good-afternoon: Good afternoon
good-evening: Good evening
good-morning: Good morning
goodbye: Goodbye!
great-room: great room
greater-than: greater than
groovy: groovy
guest-room: guest room
gust: gust
gusting-to: gusting to
gusts: gusts
gusty: gusty
hail: hail
half: half
hall: hal
hang-on-a-second-angry: I said HANG ON a second!
hang-on-a-second: Hang on a second...
hangup-try-again: Please hangup and try your call again.
has-arrived-at: has arrived at
has-been-changed-to: has been changed to
has-been-cleared: has been cleared
has-been-disconnected: has been disconnected
has-been-left: has been left
has-been-set-to: has been set to
has-been: has been
has-expired: has expired
has-issued-a: has issued a
has-not-been-seen-for: has not been seen for
has: has
hash: hash
hash: hash
hawaii: Hawaii
headed-towards: Headed towards
heading: Heading
health-center: Health center
hear-odd-noise: to hear an odd noise, press 
hear-toilet-flush: to hear a toilet flush, press 
heat-index: heat index
heat-pump: heat pump
heat: heat
heating: heating
hectopascal: hecto-pascal
hello: Hello
helpdesk: Helpdesk
hertz: Hertz
high: high
highway: Highway
hit: hit
hold-or-dial-0: Please continue to hold or dial zero to leave a message in our general mailbox.
home: home
honolulu: Honolulu
hot-tub: hot tub
house: house
housekeeping: Housekeeping
houston: Houston
http: HTTP
human-resources: Human Resources
humidity: humidity
humidity: humidity
hundredth: hundredth
hurricane: hurricane
hz: Hertz (again?)
i-dont-understand: I don't understand. (emotionless)
i-dont-understand2: I... don't understand. (confused?)
i-dont-understand3: (faint laugh)I don't understand.
i-dont-understand4: I... don't... understand. (William Shatner-like)
i-dont-understand5: Um, I don't understand. (spoken quickly)
i-grow-bored: I grow bored of this conversation.
ice: ice
icmp: ICMP
icy: icy
idaho: Idaho
if-correct-press: If this is correct, press...
if-grtg-played-indefinately: if this greeting should be played indefinately
if-grtg-should-expire-at: if this greeting should expire at
if-maint-contract-or-emergency: If you have a maintenance contract or require emergency assistance.
if-rotary-phone: If you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line after the menu.
if-this-is-correct-press: if this is correct, press
if-this-is-correct: If this is correct...
if-this-is-not-correct: If this is not correct...
if-u-know-ext-dial: If you know the extension of the party you wish to reach, dial it now. 
if-unsuccessful-speak-to: In case I am unsuccessful, you should speak to...
if-you-know-the: if you know the
if-you-need-help: if you need help
if-youd-like-to-make-a-call: If you'd like to make a call...
illinois: Illinois
im-sorry-unable-to-connect-to-eng: I am sorry, but I was unable to connect you to our on-call engineer.
im-sorry: I'm sorry
imap: IMAP
in-service: In service
in-the-line: in the line
in-the-queue: in the queue
in-the: in the
in-your-city: in your city
in-your-zip-code: in your zip code
inbound: inbound
inch: inch
inches: inches
indiana: Indian
indianapolis: Indianapolis
indicated: indicated
info-about-last-call: Information about your last call
information-technology: Information Technology
information: information
infuriate-tech-staff: to infuriate our tech staff with your obvious questions, press [X]
initiated: Initiated
initiating: Initiating
inside-sales: Inside Sales
internal-audit: Internal Audit
international-call: International call
international-call: international call
interstate: Interstate
intruder: intruder
invalid-date: invalid date
investor-relations: Investor Relations
iowa: Iowa
is-at: is at
is-curntly-busy: is currently busy
is-curntly-unavail: is currently unavailable
is-currently: is currently
is-in-use: is in use
is-not-in-the: is not in the...
is-not-set: is not set
is-now-being-recorded: is now being recorded
is-set-to: is set to
is: is
is: is
it-now: it now
it-services: IT Services
jacksonville: Jacksonville
janitorial: Janitorial
jason: Jason 
jedi-extension-trick: This is not the extension you are looking for.
john: John
just-kidding-not-upset: Just kidding; didn't mean to get you all upset.
just-kidding-not-upset2: Just kidding; didn't mean to get you all upset.
kansas-city: Kansas City
kansas: Kansas
kelvin: kelvin
kentucky: Kentucky
kilobits: Kilobits
kilobytes: Kilobytes
kilohertz: Kilohertz
kilometer: Kilometer
kilometer: kilometer
kilometers-per-hour: kilometers per hour
kitchen: kitchen
knock-knock: Knock knock!
knots: knots
lamp: lamp
lamps: lamps
landscape: landscape
language: Language
large: large
las-vegas: Las Vagas
last-error-was: The last error on this line was...
last-num-to-call: The last number that called your line was...
late: late
later: later
laundry: laundry
lea-may-request-info: Law enforcement officials may request this information
left-bracket: left bracket
legal: Legal
len: Len
less-than: less than
library: Library
library: library
light: light
lightning: lightning
lights: lights
limit-simul-calls: To protect Internet bandwidth and maintain call quality, this system has a limit on the number of simultanious calls.
lines-complaining-customers: All lines are full of complaining customers.
linux: Linux
list: list
living-room: living room
load-average: Load average
local-authorities: local authorities
location: Location
locked: locked
locking: locking
login-fail: Login fail
long-beach: Long Beach
los-angeles: Los Angeles
loss-prevention: Loss Prevention
loss: Loss
;lots-o-monkeys: (sound effects of many angry monkeys)
louisiana: Louisiana
low: low
lunch: lunch
lyrics-louie-louie: [
        Louie Louie, me gotta go
        Louie Louie, me gotta go
        Fine little girl she waits for me
        Me catch the ship for cross the sea
        Me sail the ship all alone
        Me never thinks me make it home
        (chorus)
        Three nights and days me sail the sea
        Me think of girl constantly
        On the ship I dream she there
        I smell the rose in her hair
        (chorus, guitar solo)
        Me see Jamaica moon above
        It won't be long, me see my love
        I take her in my arms and then
        Me tell her I never leave again]
machine: Machine
made-it-up: Just because I made it up doesn't mean it isn't true.
mail: Mail
mailbox: mailbox
mailroom: Mailroom
main-menu: Main Menu
maine: Maine
maintenance: Maintenance
male: Male
management: Management
manufacturing: Manufacturing
marketing: Marketing
marryme: Will you marry me?  Press 1 for yes or 2 for no.
maryland: Maryland
massachusetts: Massachusetts
master: master
mathematics: Mathematics
maximum: maximum
megabits: megabits
megabytes: megabytes
megahertz: megahertz
memory: memory
memphis: Memphis
menu: menu
mesa: Mesa
message-from: message from
message-number: Message number
meter: meter
meter: meter
meters: meters
meters: meters
miami: Miami
michigan: Michigan
midnight-tomorrow-night: midnight tomorrow night
midnight-tonight: midnight tonight
midnight: midnight
mike: Mike
miles-per-hour: miles per hour
miles: miles
;millionth: millionth
milwaukee: Milwaukee
minimum: minimum
minneapolis: Minneapolis
minnesota: Minnesota
minute: minute
missed: missed
mississippi: Mississippi
missouri: Missouri
mist: mist
mist: mist
misty: misty
monitored: monitored
montana: Montana
month: month
months: months
moo1: Moo!
moo2: mooooo!
morning: morning
moron: Moron! (said by an angry Allison)
mostly: mostly
motor-pool: Motor Pool
mountain: mountain
moving: moving
ms: milliseconds
nashville: Nashville
national-weather-service: National Weather Service
nautical-miles: nautical miles
nbdy-avail-to-take-call: Nobody is avaialble to take your call.
near: near
nebraska: Nebraska
negative: negative
network-operations-center: Network Operations Center
network-operations: Network Operations
nevada: Nevada
new-accounts: New Accounts
new-hampshire: New Hampshire
new-jersey: New Jersey
new-mexico: New Mexico
new-orleans: New Orleans
new-york: New York
nineteenth: nineteenth
ninetieth: ninetieth
ninth: ninth
no-112-1: this line does not support one one two services [quickly]
no-112-2: this line does not support one one two services
no-911-1: this line does not support nine one one services [quickly]
no-911-2: this line does not support nine one one services 
no-empty-conferences: No empty conferences currently exist.
no-info-about-number: no further information is available about this number
no-longer-in-service: is no longer in service
no-reply-no-mailbox: you cannot reply to this message because the sender does not have a mailbox
no-route-exists-to-dest: No route exists to the dialed destination.
nobody-but-chickens: Nobody here but us chickens!
node: node
north-carolina: North Carolina
north-dakota: North Dakota
north: north
northeast: northeast
northerly: northerly
northwest: northwest
not-auth-pstn: You at not authorized to call out using the PSTN
not-enough-credit: You do not have enough credit to dial this number.
not-necessary-1: It is not necessary to dial a 1 when dialing this number.
not-necessary-ac: It is not necessary to dial the area code when dialing this number.
not-necessary-dial-1-or-ac: It is not necessary to dial a 1 or the area code when dialing this number.
not-rqsted-wakeup: You have not requested a wakeup call.
not-taking-your-call: The party at the number you have dialed has decided not to take calls from your number at this time.
not-yet-assigned: has not yet been assigned
not-yet-connected: is not yet connected.
nothing-recorded: nothing has been recorded
now: now.
num-not-in-db: Number not found in database.
num-outside-area: The number you are calling is outside of your local calling area. Please dial...
num-was-successfully: The number was successfully...
number-not-answering: The number is not answering.
number: number
oakland: Oakland
octothorpe: octothorpe
off-duty: Off duty
off: off
office-code: office code
office-iguanas: The office has been overrun with iguanas.
office: Office
office: office
ohio: Ohio
ohm: Ohm
ohms: Ohms
oklahoma-city: Oklahoma City
oklahoma: Oaklahoma
omaha: Omaha
on-busy: on busy
on-monthly-tel-stment: on your monthly telephone statement
on-no-answer: on no answer
on: On.
on: on
one-moment-please: one moment, please.
one-small-step: That's one small step for Asterisk, one giant leap for mankind.
one-small-step2: That's one small step for Asterisk, one giant leap for mankind.
oops1: Oops
oops2: Oops (laughy)
oops3: Oops (long o)
open-parenthesis: open parenthesis
open: open
operations: Operations
option-is-invalid: That option is invalid. Please try again.
option-not-implemented: That option is not implemented.
or-press: or press
or: or
or: or
order-desk: Order Desk
orders: Orders
oregon: Oregon
other-options-exercise: All other options are left as an exercise for the caller.
otherwise-press: otherwise press
otherwise: Otherwise...
our-business-hours-are: Our business hours are
outbound: Outbound
outside-sales: Outside Sales
outside-transfer: outside transfer
pacific: pacific
packet: packet
panic: panic
partially: partially
partly: partly
pascal: pascal
pascal2: pascal2
patchy: patchy
patio: patio
pence: Pence
pennies: Pennies
pennsylvania: Pennsylvania
penny: Penny
percent: percent
percent: percent
perhaps-we-are: Perhaps we're
perhaps-we-are2: Perhaps we're
period: period
personnel: Personnel
persons-in-path-of: Persons in the immediate path of the
philadelphia: Philadelphia
phoenix: Pheonix
phone: phone
physics: Physics
pin-invalid: That pin is invalid for this conference.
pin-number-accepted: Pin number accepted
ping: Ping
pipe: pipe
planning: Planning
play-room: play room
play: play
please-answer-the-following: Please answer the following...
please-contact-tech-supt: Please contact technical support
please-enter-first-three-letters: Please enter the first three letters of your party's first or last name.
please-enter-the: Please enter the
please-enter-your: Please enter your
please-hang-up-and-dial-operator: Please hang up and dial the operator.
please-hang-up-and-try-again: Please hang up and try again.
please-try-again-later: Please try again later.
please-try-again: Please try again
please-try: please try
please-wait-connect-oncall-eng: Please wait, and I will attempt to patch you through to our on-call engineer.
pls-ent-num-transfer: please enter the number to use for call transfer
pls-enter-conf-password: Please enter the conference password
pls-enter-num-message-after-tone: Please enter your numeric message after the tone.
pls-enter-vm-password: Please enter your voicemail password
pls-entr-num-uwish2-call: please enter the number you wish to call
pls-hold-silent30: Please hold (silence for 30 seconds)
pls-hold-while-try: Please hold while we try to connect you.
pls-lv-msg-will-contact: Please leave a message after the tone and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.
pls-rcrd-name-at-tone: please record your name at the tone.
pls-stay-on-line: Please stay on the line and your call will be answered by the next available representative.
pls-try-again: Please try again!
pls-try-area-code: please try area code
pls-try-call-later: please try your call again later
pls-try-manually: Please try manually.
pls-wait-connect-call: Please wait, while I connect your call.
plugh: Plugh (ploo-g)
pm-announcement-number: Annoucement number
pm-invalid-option: That option is invalid. Please try again.
pm-phrase-management: Phrase management.
pm-prompt-number: Prompt number...
pm-to-record-phrase: To record a phrase
pm-to-review-phrase: To review a phrase
point: Point
point: point
pool: pool
pop: POP
porch: porch
port: port
portland: Portland
portnumber: port number
position: position
post-entry-pound: digit account number, skipping any punctuation, followed by the pound key.
pounds: pounds
power-failure: power failure
presales-support: Presales support
presidents-office: Presidents office
press-0: Press 0
press-1: Press 1
press-1: Press 1
press-2: Press 2
press-2: Press 2
press-3: Press 3
press-3: Press 3
press-4: Press 4
press-4: Press 4
press-5: Press 5
press-5: Press 5
press-6-to-eject: or press 6 to eject the last user.
press-6: Press 6
press-6: Press 6
press-7: Press 7
press-7: Press 7
press-8: Press 8
press-8: Press 8
press-9: Press 9
press-9: Press 9
press-button-again: Press that button again!
press-enter: Press Enter
press-escape: Press Escape
press-hash: Press Hash
press-hash: Press hash
press-pound-save-changes: Press pound to save your changes.
press-pound-to-login-star-to-hangup: Press pound to login to voicemail, or * to hangup.
press-pound: Press Pound
press-pound: Press pound
press-return: Press return
press-star-cancel: Press star to cancel.
press-star: Press star
press-star: Press star
press-the-space-bar: Press the space bar
press-tilde: Press tilde
press: Press
pressure: pressure
pressure: pressure
printing: Printing
privacy-blacklisted: Blacklisted
privacy-blocked: Blocked
privacy-if-error-leave-message-or-hangup: If you feel this in error, or unjust, please leave a message after the tone. Otherwise, please hang up now.
privacy-if-error: If you feel this is in error...
privacy-if-sales-call-contact-in-writing: If this is an unsolicited sales or marketing call, please be advised that we only wish to be contacted in writing.
privacy-last-caller-was: The last caller was...
privacy-not: NOT
privacy-please-dial: Please dial...
privacy-please-stay-on-line-to-be-connected: Please stay on the line to be connected.
privacy-screening-unidentified-calls: Due to the huge number of unsolicited calls we recieve, we are now screening all inbound calls where a caller ID is unavailable or withheld.
privacy-stop-calling-not-welcome: Please stop calling.  You are not welcome here.
privacy-stop-calling-not-welcome2: Please stop calling.  You are not welcome here. (annoyed)
privacy-this-number-is: This number is...
privacy-to-blacklist-last-caller: The last caller was...
privacy-to-blacklist-this-number: To blacklist this number...
privacy-to-hear-our-contact-details: to hear our contact details
privacy-to-whitelist-last-caller: To whitelist the last caller...
privacy-to-whitelist-this-number: To whitelist this number...
privacy-whitelisted: whitelisted
privacy-you-are-blacklisted: You have been blacklisted on this system.
privacy-you-are-calling-from: You are calling from...
privacy-your-callerid-is: Your Caller*ID is...
product: Product
production: Production
projects: Projects
protocol: protocol
psi: psi
public-relations: Public Relations
purchasing: Purchasing
purposes: Purposes
q-dot-931: q.931
q-dot-9thirty1: q.9-thirty-one
quality-assurance: Quality Assurance
quality-control: Quality Contol
quarter: quarter
quickly: quickly
quiet-mode: quiet mode
quote: quote
race: Race
rain: rain
rainfall: Rainfall
rainy: rainy
range: Range
reassigned-new-areacode: has been reassigned in another areacode
rebates: Rebates
received: received
receiving: Receiving
reception: Reception
recorded: recorded
registrar: Registrar
remote-already-in-this-mode-2: The remote is already in this mode.
remote-already-in-this-mode: remote is already in this mode.
remote-base: Remote Base
removed: removed.
repair: Repair
repeat-only: Repeat Only
repeater: Repeater
research-and-development: Research & Development
research: Research
reservations: Reservations
reset: reset
restarting: Restarting
rhode-island: Rhode Island
right-bracket: right bracket
rising: rising
rising: rising
risk-management: Risk Management
roaming: Roaming
roof: roof
room-service: Room Service
room: room
rooms: rooms
route-sip: Your call is being routed over SIP.
rqsted-wakeup-for: You have requested a wakeup call for...
sacramento: Sacramento
saint-louis: St. Louis
sales-floor: Sales Floor
sales: Sales
san-antonio: San Antonia
san-diego: San Diego
san-francisco: San Francisco
san-jose: San Jose
save-announce-press: To save this announcement, press
say-temp-msg-prs-pound: say your temporary message and then press the pound key
says-thats-stupid: says that's a really stupid thing to do.
scattered: scattered
sciences: Science
seattle: Seattle
second-floor: second floor
second: second
secretary: Secretary
secure: secure
security-system: security system
security: Security
self-destruct-in: This system will self destuct in...
self-destruct: Self destruct
server: Server
service-not-implemented: That service is not implemented.
service: Service
set: set
seventeenth: seventeenth
seventh: seventh
seventieth: seventieth
severe: severe
shall-i-try-again: Shall I try again?
shiny-brass-lamp: There is a shiny brass lamp nearby.
shipping: Shipping
shop: Shop
show-office: Show Office
side: side
sighted: sighted
simplex: Simplex
simul-call-limit-reached: Simultanious call limit reached
sixteenth: sixteenth
sixth: sixth
sixtieth: sixtieth
sleet: sleet
sleeting: sleeting
slow: slow
slowly: slowly
snow: snow
snowing: snowing
snowy: snowy
software: software
solar: solar
someone-you-trust1: Someone you trust is one of us.
someone-you-trust2: Someone you trust is one of us.
someone-you-trust3: Someone you trust is one of us.
something-terribly-wrong: Something is terribly wrong!
sorry-cant-let-you-do-that: I'm sorry, I can't let you do that.
sorry-cant-let-you-do-that2: I'm sorry, I can't let you do that.
sorry-cant-let-you-do-that3: I'm sorry, I can't let you do that.
sorry-mailbox-full: Sorry, but the user's mailbox can't accept more messages. 
sorry-youre-having-problems: Sorry you're having problems
sorry: We're sorry. 
sorry2: We're sorry, but we are not able to answer your call at this time.
south-carolina: South Carolina
south-dakota: South Dakota
south: south
southeast: southeast
southerly: southerly
southwest: southwest
spam: Thank you for calling Special Price Analysis and Marketing.  For cheap generic Vallium, Xanex or Viagra press 1.  For Gucci and Rolex replicas please press 2.  To enlarge your penis or breasts, please press 3.  To speak with the Minister of Finance of Nigera about a 50 million dollar account, press 4.
spam2: Spam
speak-louder-into-phone: please speak louder, or speak directly into the telephone to ensure a clear recording
speak-louder: please speak louder to ensure a clear recording
speak-to-the-operator: speak to the operator
speed-dial-empty: The speed dial entry you've accessed is empty.
speed-dial: Speed-dial
speed: speed
splat: Splat
sprinklers: sprinklers
ssh: SSH
staff: staff
staffing: staffing
standard: standard
star-for-menu-again: Press the star key to hear this menu again
starting-with-either: starting with either
station: station
status: status
steady: steady
step-in-stream: You step in the stream, but the water has moved on.
sterling: sterling
still: still
store-accounting: Store Accounting
storm: storm
stove: stove
sump-pump: sump pump
sun-room: sun room
sun: sun
sunny: sunny
support: Support
swap: Swap
system-crashed: The system has crashed
system-status-msg: Please listen carefully to the following system status message.
system: System
system: system
systems: Systems
systems: systems
talking-to-myself: Am I talking to myself?
target-attendant: target attendant
tcp: TCP
technical-support: Technical support
telephone-in-your-pocket: Oooo! Is that a telephone in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
telephone-in-your-pocket2: Oooo! Is that a telephone in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
telephone-number: telephone number
telesales: Telesales
teletubbie-murder: has been brutally murdered and mutilated by the Teletubbies. 
telnet: Telnet
temp-disconnected: has been temporarialy disconnected
temperature: temperature
temperature: temperature 
tennessee: Tennessee
tenth: tenth
terabits: Terabits
terabytes: Terabytes
terminated: terminated
terminating: terminating
test-tones-follow: Test tones follow.
texas: Texas
thank-you-cooperation: Thank you for your cooperation.
thank-you-for-calling: Thank you for calling.
thanks-for-calling-today: Thanks for calling today.
thanks-for-using: Thanks for using
that-is-not-rec-phn-num: That is not a recognized phone number
that-number: that number
that-tickles: Oooh, that tickles!
that-you-require: that you require
the-mailbox: The mailbox
the-monkeys-twice: The monkeys!  THE MONKEYS!
the-new-number-is: The new number is
the-next: the next
the-num-i-have-is: the number I have is
the-number-u-dialed: The number you have dialed
the-party-you-are-calling: The party you are calling
the-weather-at: the weather at
then-press-pound: then press pound
there-are: There are...
there-is-no-customer-support: These is not customer support.
thermostat: thermostat
these-are-currently: these are currently
third: third
thirteenth: thirteenth
thirtieth: thirtieth
this-call-may-be-monitored-or-recorded: This call may be monitored or recorded
this-call-may-be: This call may be
this-call-will-cost: This call will cost...
this-call-will-end-in: This call will end in
this-is-the-voice-mail-system: This is the voicemail system
this-is-yr-wakeup-call: This is your wakeup call.
this: this
thnk-u-for-patience: thank you for your patience
thousandth: thousandth
through: Through
thunderstorm: thunderstorm
tide: tide
time: time
time: time
time: time
times: times
to-accept-recording: to accept this recording
to-be-called-back: To be called back when a representative is available, press-- 
to-blklist-last-caller: To blacklist the last caller, press...
to-blklist-last-num: To blacklist the last number, press...
to-call-num-press: To call this number, press...
to-call-prson-w-sent-msg: to call the person who sent this message
to-call-this-number: to call this number
to-cancel-this-msg: to cancel this message
to-cancel-wakeup: To cancel a wakeup call...
to-change-exp-date: to change the expiration date
to-change-your-pin-number: To change your pin number
to-collect-voicemail: to collect voicemail
to-compose-a-message: to compose a message
to-confirm-wakeup: To confirm a wakeup call...
to-control-environ-sys: to control environmental systems
to-control-lights-appl: to control lights and appliances
to-dial-by-name-press: to dial by name, press
to-dial-by-name: To dial by name...
to-enter-a-diff-number: to enter a different number
to-enter-a-number: to enter a number
to-erase-yr-temp-grtg: to erase your temporary greeting
to-extension: to extension 
to-hang-up-2: To hang up
to-hang-up: To hang up (slower)
to-hear-callerid: To hear the Caller*ID of the last call
to-hear-menu-again: to hear this menu again
to-hear-msg-again: to hear this message again.
to-hear-msg-envelope: to hear the message envelope
to-hear-net-status: to hear current network status,...
to-hear-weather-status: to hear weather status,...
to-hear-your-account-balance: To hear your account balance
to-join-a-meeting: to join a meeting
to-leave-message-for: To leave a message for
to-listen-to-it: to listen to it
to-log-in-to-voice-mail: To log into voicemail
to-place-outgoing-call: to place an outgoing call
to-reach-first-rep: To reach the first available representitivie
to-reach-operator: To reach the operator
to-reach-operator: to reach an operator
to-rec-yr-temp-grtg: to record your temporary greeting
to-record-call: to record call
to-redial-the-last-number-you-called: To redial the last number you called
to-report-emergency: To report an emergency...
to-report-system-network-down: To report a system or network down
to-rerecord-announce: To rerecord this announcement, press
to-rerecord-it: to re-record it
to-rerecord-yr-message: to re-record your message
to-rmv-num-blklist: To remove a number from the blacklist, press...
to-rqst-wakeup-call: To request a wakeup call...
to-send-a-reply: to send a reply
to-snooze-for: To snooze for...
to-use-def-attendant: to use the default attendant, just press pound
tomorrow-night: tomorrow-night
tones-that-follow-are-for-the-deaf: The tones that follow are for the deaf.
tonight: tonight: 
too-low: too low
tornado: tornado
touchtone1: If you're calling from a rotary dial phone, hangup, go to a phone store, and purchase one of those new fangled inventions called a touch tone phone.
touchtone2: And if you're calling from a rotary dial phone, hello, there's this thing call touch tone sweety you might want to look into.
touchtone3: If you're calling from a rotary dial phone, hangup, go to a phone store, and purchase one of those 21'st century new fangled inventions called a touch tone phone.
towards: towards
tower: tower
trading-desk: Trading Desk
traffic: Traffic
training: Trading
transportation: Transportation
travel: Travel
treasury: Treasury
tucson: Tuscon
tulsa: Tulsa
turn-off-recording: to turn off call recording
turning-to: turning to
twelveth: twelveth
twentieth: twentieth
twisty-maze: You are in a maze of twisty little menus, all alike.
typhoon: typhoon
udp: UDP
uh-oh1: Uh oh!  [in a cutesy, Teletubbie's like voice] 
uh-oh2: Uh oh!  [in a cutesy, Teletubbie's like voice] 
uk: UK
unavailable: Unavailable
unconditional: unconditional
unidentified-no-callback: un-indentified or witheld and therefore cannot be called back.
units: units
unix: Unix
unlocked: unlocked
unlocking: unlocking
up: up
up: up
uptime: uptime
user: user
users: users
utah: Utah
variable: variable
vermont: Vermont
virginia-beach: Virginia Beach
virginia: Virgina
visibility: Visibility
visit-asterisk-website: Visit the asterisk website at w w w dot asterisk dot org
voice-mail-system: Voice Mail System
volt: Volt
volts: Volts
wait-moment: Please wait a moment.
wait-offensive-sounds: Please wait one moment while I access our gigantic library of offensive sounds!
wakeup-call-cancelled: Your wakeup call has been cancelled.
wakeup-call: Wakeup call
wakeup-daily: Daily Wakeup Call
wakeup-for-daily: For daily wakeup calls...
wakeup-for-one-time: For a one-time wakeup call
wakeup-onetime: One-time wakeup call
walks-into-bar-mail: A man walks into a bar, sits down and ... welcome to Comedian Mail!
warning: warning
was-last-seen: was last seen
was: was
washing-machine: washing machine
washington-dc: Washington, DC
washington: Washington
watch: watch
water-heater: water heater
watt: Watt
watts: Watts
we-apologize: we apologize
we-dont-have-tech-support: We don't have tech support.
weasels-eaten-phonesys: Weasels have eaten our phone system.
weather-station: weather station
weather: weather
web: web
weeks: weeks
welcome: welcome
well-pump: well pump
were-sorry: We're sorry...
west-virginia: West Virgina
west: west
westerly: westerly
what-are-you-wearing: What are you wearing?
what-time-it-is: Do you have any idea what <emph> time </emph> it is?
what-time-it-is2: Do you have any idea what <emph> time </emph> it is?
when-dialing-this-number: When dialing this number...
who-would-you-like-to-call: Who would you like to call?
why-no-answer-mystery: Your call is important to us, but exactly why we haven't answered it yet is a mystery even to us.
wichita: Wichita
will-apply: will apply
will-expire: will expire
will-not-expire: will not expire
will-reflect-charge-of: will reflect a charge of 
wind-chill: wind chill
wind: wind
window: window
windows: Windows
windows: windows
winds: winds
windy: windy
wisconsin: Wisconsin
wish-to-continue: do you wish to continue?
with: with
within: within
work: work
wrong-try-again-smarty: Wrong, wrong, wrong.  Try again, smart guy.
wtng-to-spk-w-rep: waiting to speak with a representative
www-switchboard-com: www.switchboard.com
wyoming: Wyoming
xmas-lights: Christmas lights
xmas-tree: Christmas tree
yard: yard
yeah: Yeah!
year: year
years: years
yes-dear: Yes, dear. (annoyed)
yes-dear2: Yes, dear. (playful)
you-are-caller-num: you are caller number
you-are-curr-call-num: you are currently caller number
you-can-press: You can press
you-dialed-wrong-number: You have dialed the wrong number.
you-entered: You entered
you-have-dialed: You have dialed:
you-have-reached-a-test-number: You have reached a test number.
you-have-these-options: You have these options.
you-must-first-dial: You must first dial
you-seem-impatient: You seem impatient
you-sound-cute: So, _you_ sound cute.
you-wish-to-join: you wish to join
your-account: Your account
your-msg-has-been-saved: Your message has been saved
your-msg-is-too-short: your message is too short
your-temp-greeting: your temporary greeting
your: your
zip-code: zip code
alert: alert
calling: calling
cc-amex: American Express
cc-discover: Discover
cc-mastercard: Mastercard
cc-visa: Visa
invalid-featurecode: I'm sorry.  That feature code is not supported.  Please try again.
pls-hold-process-tx: Please hold while we process your transaction.
privacy-restricted-by-req: ...restricted by customer request.
tt-codezone_MIXDOWN: This highway leads to the shadowy tip of reality: you're on a through route to the land of the different, the bizarre, the unexplainable...Go as far as you like on this road. Its limits are only those of mind itself. Ladies and Gentlemen, you're entering the wondrous dimension of imagination. Next stop....The Code Zone.
tt-codezone: This highway leads to the shadowy tip of reality: you're on a through route to the land of the different, the bizarre, the unexplainable...Go as far as you like on this road. Its limits are only those of mind itself. Ladies and Gentlemen, you're entering the wondrous dimension of imagination. Next stop....The Code Zone.
tt-hangup: Press 1 to end this call, or any other key to hangup.
tt-monty-knights: Go and boil your bottoms you silly english kniggggits. I fart in your general direction.  Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries. Now go away or I shall taunt you a second time.
tx-has-been-approved: Your transaction has been approved.
your-notifications: ...your notifications.
your-req-notification: ...your requested notification.


